---
layout: post
title:  Why Software Development? Plus Bloc.
---

Why software development? This is a really good question, and one to which that has actually taken me a while to figure out the answer.  For those of you that are involved with computer programming, my story may start off similarly. I used computers in elementary school, and from the first moment I was hooked. One of my earliest memories was when I was maybe seven, and a friend of parents was using his old Macintosh computer.  He had no idea how to exit the program he was in after it had “frozen”. I simply came over to the computer and hit the esc button. He was in shock.  I continued using computers all throughout school, but never to the extent of programming. However, in tenth grade I joined MySpace. With this discovery, after doing some research, I learned that you could completely change the look of your profile by doing some simple coding. This was really just the tip of the iceberg, because while I would play around with this foreign language, for the most part, I had no idea what I was doing.  After being introduced to do this concept, I took specialized classes in high school in digital design that not only spoke to the concept of layout design but also web design. I earned a certificate (CIW: Certified Internet Webmaster) in site development. After graduation, while it was blatantly clear that I loved web development, I also had other interests that I didn’t want to immediately dismiss. After taking some general courses at college, and then a pit stop into health sciences I had to figure out what was next. Meanwhile, I was working in retail management. At some point I thought, making web development happen for me is more of a pipe dream, especially since I live in a small town. Therefore, I decided to concentrate on retail management. After several years of being dissatisfied, I suppose the phrase YOLO (You Only Live Once) came to mind. I tried finding a computer science program online that was decently priced, however, without success I settled for a graphic design degree.  This ultimately didn’t get me close enough to my end goal, and I ended up researching coding boot camps. However, I couldn’t afford to move away to another city for three months.  Which brings me to where I am today. Currently, I am enrolled in Bloc’s Software Development program at a medium pace option. This program is referred to as a mini CS (computer science) program, as it incorporates computer science curriculum, unlike many traditional boot camps. I have already learned so much more than I thought that I would, and it has only been eleven weeks. I have learned HTML, CSS, Javascript, Git, made a website using those languages. I then improved the website using DOM scripting, which was further improved using jQuery, and then finally improved using AngularJS. I now know what node.js is and how to use it. I am learning what Jekyll is and how to use it. The best part is, there is so much more with which to look forward.